REST: Docker file for REST Fixture (#11283)
apache/iceberg: docker/iceberg-rest-adapter-image/README.md

                      ├── 16: c_login: optional string                                                                                                                          
                      ├── 17: c_email_address: optional string                                                                                                                  
                      └── 18: c_last_review_date: optional string                                                                                                               
Snapshots             Snapshots                                                                                                                                                 
                      └── Snapshot 0: s3://iceberg-test-data/tpc/tpc-ds/3.2.0/1000/iceberg/customer/metadata/snap-643656366840285027-1-5ce13497-7330-4d02-8206-7e313e43209c.avro
Properties            write.object-storage.enabled  true                                                                                                                        
                      write.object-storage.path     s3://iceberg-test-data/tpc/tpc-ds/3.2.0/1000/iceberg/customer/data
```

> 

Reviewer: For a separate PR, can document how we generate the `LICENSE` and `NOTICE`?

cc @ajantha-bhat @bryanck

Reviewer 2: Sure, I was planning to add the grade task to regenerate it soon.

Author: Yes, what we need is a plugin or gradle task for each runtime jar module, that automatically updates the notice and license on every build. Manually doing it is not efficient. 

Because for example, after AWS dependency version bump by dependabot, it may bring new dependencies and our notice and license may never get updated for it.

Author: created an issue tracker for this https://github.com/apache/iceberg/issues/11559

Reviewer 3: I will help on the `LICENSE` and `NOTICE` as it's bin distribution here (so slightly different from source distribution).

Author: Ack

<!--
  - Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  - or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  - distributed with this work for additional information
  - regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  - to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  - "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  - with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  -
  -   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  -
  - Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  - software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  - "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  - KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  - specific language governing permissions and limitations
  - under the License.
  -->

> # Iceberg rest adapter image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Iceberg Technology Compatibility Kit
```

Author: > A Technology Compatibility Kit (TCK) is a suite of tests that at least nominally checks a particular alleged implementation of a Java Specification Request ...

To call it as TCK, it should have test suites. This Docker (runtime jar) doesn't pack the test cases. It only has test fixture. 

Maybe we can rename to `Iceberg REST Catalog Adapter Test Fixture`

> For converting different catalog implementations into a rest one.

Reviewer: I think we can help the reader a bit more. This will create a façade for the other catalogs and expose them as a REST catalog.

> ## Building the Docker Image locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build the Docker Image
```

> If you want to make changes to the local files, and test them out, you can build the image locally and use that instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making changes to the local files and test them out, you can build the image locally:
```

```bash

> # Navigate to the iceberg root directory

Reviewer: I think we can assume that we're in the root directory

cd ../../ 

# Build the project

> ./gradlew build -x test -x integrationTest

Author: Since it is a manual process, user can choose if they want to build only open api module. 

I prefer clean build as most of the things are needed for this module.
